

=== PAGE 1 ===

Register of Sc

no TORN-03\CR- Jab fact lS

FORM H

MEMORANDUM OF SETTLEMENT UNDER SECTION 12 (3) READ WITH
SECTION 18 (3) OF THE INDUSTRIAL DISPUTES ACT, 1947 AND READ WITH
RULE 59 OF THE INDUSTRIAL DISPUTES (KARNATAKA) RULES, 1957

NAMES OF PARTIES
Representing Employer Bosch Limited,
Hosur Road, Adugodi,
Bangalore — 560 030
By
1. Mr. A. GOPIKUMAR
Vice President
(Commercial Plant Management -BanP)

2. Mr. DEUSTER JENS
Vice President
(Technical Plant Management-BanP)

3. Mr. P. L. MATHEW
Senior General Manager
(Human Resources)

4. Mr. M. NAGARAJ
Senior General Manager
(Human Resources)

Representing Workmen employed MICO Employees’ Association
in the Factory and Offices of No.33, Bannerghatta Road,
Bosch Ltd., Hosur Road, Adugodi, Bangalore — 560 030
Bangalore — 560 030
By
1. Mr. S.PRASANNA KUMAR
President

2. Mr. R. RAGHAVENDRA RAO
First Vice-President

3. Mr. DHANANJAYA
Second Vice-President

4. Mr. AMARJEET K BHATIA
General Secretary

5. Mr. RLPUSHPARAJ
Organizing Secretary

6. Mr. RAJU K KULKARNI
Assistant Secretary

7. Mr. S. KUGAN
Treasurer

7 pono —

=== PAGE 2 ===

SHORT RECITAL OF THE CASE

The Management of Bosch Limited, Bangalore Plant, situated at Hosur Road,
Adugodi, PB No 3000, Bangalore 560 030 (hereinafter referred to as “The
Company” and the Workmen of the Factory and Offices of M/s. Bosch
Limited, at Adugodi, Bangalore, represented by the MICO Employees’
Association, Bangalore (Reg.No.147) had entered into a Memorandum of
Settlement dated 25.10.2010 under Section 12(3) read with Section 18(3) of
The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 and the Rules framed thereunder and the
said Settlement was to remain in force and binding on the parties till 31°
December 2012 and even thereafter, until validly terminated by either of the
parties, by giving a notice as provided under The Industrial Disputes Act,
1947 (as amended) and Rules framed thereunder.

Whereas, The MICO Employees’ Association, (Reg.No.147) No.33,
“Shramajeevi Bhavan”, Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore-560030 (hereinafter
referred to as “MEA”) terminated the above Memorandum of Settlement dated
25.10.2010 signed in conciliation under Section 12(3) read with Section 18 (3)
of Industrial Disputes Act 1947 read with Rule 59 of Industrial Disputes
(Karnataka) Rules 1957 and submitted fresh Charter of Demands consisting
of 60 demands on 05.12.2012. A copy of the said Charter of Demands is
enclosed hereto and marked as Annexure 1.

ereas, the Company also submitted its detailed proposals vide its letters
ed 04.02.2013, 26.04.2013, 05.07.2013 and 20.11.2014. Copies of the said
ers containing the Management Proposals submitted to MEA & the
rkmen are enclosed herein and marked as Annexure 2A, 2B, 2C and 2D.

The Charter of Demands submitted by MEA and the Management proposals
submitted by the Company were taken up for threadbare discussions, in a
progressive and business like atmosphere. In all, around 67 rounds of
meetings were held on different dates between 04.02.2013 and 05.12.2014.

marabe=} sss he. aa,

=== PAGE 3 ===

After a comprehensive understanding of the Charter of Demands placed by
the MEA and the Management Proposals in a sequential manner, discussions
were held at length supported by facts and figures, keeping in mind, Region
cum Industry data, key concerns of the workmen and business imperatives of
the Management of the Company. With a view to conclude the settlement at
an early date, both the Office Bearers of MEA and the Management of the
Company prioritized certain key issues for discussions. The Company
identified the issues namely, implementation of Standard Time based system
of work {Time & Motion based system of work (SVT)} in conventional product
areas (as SVT has been in vogue in the new generation products),
Rationalization of the existing hospitalization scheme, Separate set of service
conditions for New Entrant Permanent Workmen, Block / partial closure and a
few other key issues. The MEA prioritized the demands such as improvement
of Hospitalization Scheme, Reconstruction of Wage Structure, revision of
Gratuity - calculation method and benefits, review of Variable Dearness
Allowance, revisiting service benefits like Promotion Policy, Pension Benefits,
Incentive System inclusive of Incentive Merged Basic (IMB), overtime benefits
and a few other key issues.

MEA contended that the purchasing power of money has gone down due to
high rate of inflation and though the workmen have been benefitted from
higher incentive earnings, it had always remained a variable component,
which is not assured. MEA further assured that the workmen and MEA are
always committed to improve the overall employee productivity and urged that
the workmen should not be burdened with too much additional work, which

Pe be able to cope with.

changes in the core manufacturing sectors and increase in ,
OS aterials, wages/salaries and other services, profitability of
‘BangalofePlanbihas been adversely affected over the years. Company further
a seitecatge th Uyfiless any additional financial burden due to wage increases
; sare com ed through improved employee productivity resulting in
- Ssubsfantial improvement in capacity utilization of existing men and
machinhes/equipment and also in respect of such induction/installations in the
future, together with a conducive and reliable manufacturing environment with
stable Industrial Relations, sustained growth of Bangalore plant would be
absolutely difficult. The Management maintained that SVT being a
prevalent/existing system of work in the new generation products and value
streams of BanP, the same system has to be extended to all the conventional

=== PAGE 4 ===

products and value streams across Bangalore location and that the same is
vital and a business imperative to conclude the settlement. The Management
pointed out that due to the unscientific incentive schemes in the conventional
products and value streams, the incentives earned are not commensurate
with the efforts put in by the workmen. Moreover, workmen are unwilling for
flexible deployment leading to underutilization of machines and manpower
resources. <The Management emphasized that new products, fresh
investments and continued business for Bangalore Plant would be possible
only if the Bangalore Plant is able to compete with other Bosch locations in
India and abroad as a cost competitive manufacturing location. It was also
pointed out that all the manufacturing locations of Bosch Plants across the
globe have already introduced Standard Time based system of work and
Bangalore Plant cannot remain as an exception.

Dwelling at length on the burgeoning hospitalization expenses, the
Management also expressed the dire need to revisit the existing
hospitalization scheme by identifying specific inflow and out flow components,
individual caps per ailment and overall budgetary cap per annum with a view
to ensure that the Hospitalization Scheme would not remain as an open
ended scheme but a Scheme that operates with specific controls and a
defined budget. The management also proposed that the list of empanelled
hospitals will have to be expanded by including specialized government
itals, charitable hospitals, medical college/ teaching hospitals,
: bly priced hospitals / nursing homes and day care centers that offer

sfesent incentive earnings into fixed earnings. The Management and the
Union after protracted discussions on SVT implementation in Conventional
product areas, arrived at certain terms of understanding on 17 points in
connection with the implementation of SVT by December 2013 and in view of
this understanding an interim basket amount of Rs.4000/- was offered.
However, out of the 17 points, percentage of merger amount into the fixed
earnings and the SVT conversion factor were to be discussed and settled. In
the meantime, as the tenure of the Office Bearers of MEA came to an end,
elections to choose MEA Office Bearers, Executive Committee & General
Council were to be held by end December, 2013. Due to _ internal

‘ ex :
nanay bs pwede.

=== PAGE 5 ===

organizational issues of the Union and attendant judicial proceedings the
elections got delayed and were subsequently held on 21.03.2014.

Negotiations with the new team of Office Bearers of MEA resumed only in
April 2014, after the new team took charge. However, in view of differences in
the opinions and disagreement on the issue of implementation of SVT and on
rationalization of the Hospitalization Scheme, no progress could be made,
despite four rounds of discussions with the new team of Office Bearers. As
the Union backtracked from its commitment to discuss SVT, the Management
was compelled to withdraw the basket amount that was offered earlier.

With a view to set a conciliation process in motion, in order to use the good
offices of the Conciliating Authority for early conclusion of the Settlement, the
management of the Company then approached the Joint Labor Commissioner
in July 2014 with a request to admit the dispute of the Long Term Settlement
(LTS) into conciliation. The matter was accordingly admitted in conciliation on
03.07.2014 by the Joint Labour Commissioner. However, in spite of several
rounds of meetings between the Management and the Union including
conciliation meetings, no agreement could be reached on any of the core

v

In the- Meant ed a Notice of strike dated 06.09.2014 announcing
thdt MEA nd he:work @\would go on an indefinite strike of work with effect
fr ra, 116.0 ye 114---Wpon fe¢eipt of the strike notice, the -Additional Labour
Coys issiduer (R)-is notice of conciliation to both the parties and

schedu d’ a corialli jon meeting on 09.09.2014. The management of. the
Comba apes @ MEA and Workmen that any kind of agitations at-this
stage wo A omper production, causing hardships to the customers,
irreparable damage to the image of the Plant and the possibility of present
and potential customers approaching the Company’s competitors affecting
substantially the current market share, apart from causing huge loss. of
turnover of business and substantial loss of earnings to the workmen, Yet,
MEA and the workmen did not review their decision to go on strike and
instead, went on an indefinite strike with effect from 16.09.2014 though the -
dispute regarding settlement was pending in conciliation before the Additional
Labor Commissioner (IR). The Management of the Company advised all the
workmen and MEA that the Strike would be an illegal strike in view of the
pendency of a directly related dispute before the Honorable Industrial Tribunal
for adjudication and also due to the strike being in violation of the subsisting
Settlement dated 25.10.2010, wherein it has been agreed that MEA and
Worknten will not resort to direct actions such as strike, Go-Slow and other

oe Ae mini le

5

=== PAGE 6 ===

coercive actions without exhausting all peaceful, constitutional and legitimate
methods for redressal of grievances and avenues available under the
conciliation machinery.

Even as the workmen and MEA were on strike, several rounds of bilateral
discussions between the representatives of the Company and the MEA, three
rounds of earlier tripartite meetings before the Deputy/Joint Labor
Commissioner, Six rounds of tripartite meetings before the Additional Labor
Commissioner (IR) and three rounds of tripartite meetings before the
Commissioner of Labor for the State of Karnataka were held, but no amicable
settlement could be arrived at. Perceiving the seriousness of the situation, the
Honorable Transport Minister, Government of Karnataka and Bangalore
District Incharge Minister called for a meeting of both the Parties along with
senior officers from the Department of Labor, Government of Karnataka, with
the intention to bring about a settlement. However, since no settlement could
be arrived at due to persistent differences between the parties, the
Conciliation proceedings were treated as having ended in a failure.

Upon receipt of the Failure Report from the Commissioner of Labour, the
Government of Karnataka referred the dispute on the Charter of Demands for
adjudication, exercising the powers vested under Section 10(1)(c)/(d) of the
Industrial Disputes Act, 1947, to the Honorable Industrial Tribunal, Bangalore,
vide its Order bearing No LD 565 IDM 2014 dated 10.10.2014 and: the same
is enclosed herein, marked as Annexure 12. The Government of Karnataka

OR IN o prohibited the strike vide another Order bearing No LD 565 IDM 2014
ye 4. 10.10.2014 exercising the powers vested under Section 10(3) of the

&~<>, tndusea Tribunal. Copy of this order is enclosed herein, marked as

: AY e ti 13. Although the Government of Karnataka prohibited the
a eRe infuance of the Strike by MEA and the Workmen and as such, the illegality
» J trike became compounded as per the opinion and view of the

~~ due notice as prescribed in the tripartite settlement and the strike is legal and
further, that the status of any strike may be declared only by the appropriate
judicial authorities.

MEA challenged, the Order of the Reference dated 10.10.2014 and the Order
passed under Section 10(3) of the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 dated
10.10.2014 prohibiting the strike, before the Honorable High Court of

=== PAGE 7 ===

Karnataka vide Writ Petition bearing No 47702 / 2014 and Writ Petition No
49148 / 2014, respectively. When the matter came up for hearing on
28.10.2014, The Honorable High Court was pleased to issue directions to
both the parties to continue the discussions towards narrowing the differences
and arriving at a settlement and report back to the Hon. Court on the outcome
of the negotiations.

In spite of the directions of the Court, no settlement could be arrived at,
between the parties. In the course of hearing on 31.10.2014, as no settlement
was reported, the Honorable High Court adjourned and ordered for listing the
case for hearing sine die, without ordering any relief to the petitioners.

Taking cue from the same, and appreciating the importance of industrial
peace and cordial relations, both parties held several rounds of intensive
bilateral discussions on the Charter of Demands placed by MEA and the
Management proposals.

After many days of protracted, intense and sometimes acrimonious
negotiations, the parties arrived at certain broad terms of understanding and
the same was recorded and signed as “Summary of Understanding” (SoU) on
05.12.2014. The parties further agreed to sign a tripartite “Memorandum of
Settlement” (MoS) on the same lines, but appropriately worded and fine
tuned, before the Additional Labor Commissioner (IR), Department of Labour,
Government of Karnataka, Bangalore.

On 05.12.2014, the MEA submitted a letter to the Company that a
ould be held on 07.12.2014 to elicit the opinion of workmen
$8 ard to the signing of a Memorandum of Settlement based on
derstanding reached and taken as a ‘package deal’ of...

Bs, é Summary
(s | by MEA and the workmen.

- 2 \ wilted er distributing a detailed pamphlet dated 06.12.2014, outlining
\ the * “pawefits offered and the Management proposals accepted by MEA as
‘recorded in fhe form of Summary of Understanding, the MEA conducted an
‘Yes’ dtNO-sé cret ballot referendum on 07.12.2014 to elicit the opinion of the
workmen members and for obtaining their affirmative consent for the Office
Bearers of MEA, to go ahead with the signing of the Memorandum of
Settlement.

Whereas, in the secret ballot Referendum conducted by MEA on 07.12.2014,
out of the 2406 eligible workmen members, 2067 workmen exercised the

ohh t Rai all =

* benefit§ offered cA e Company and the Management proposals as accepted «— ;

=== PAGE 8 ===

franchise. A clear majority i.e., 1343 workmen members out of 2067 voted
‘Yes’ i.e., in favor of the Memorandum of Settlement.

In view of the favorable outcome of the secret ballot Referendum, the
Management Representatives of the Company and the Office Bearers of MEA
jointly approached the Additional labour Commissioner (IR) to once again
admit the matter into Conciliation to enable the parties to sign an amicable
Memorandum of settlement under the guidance and advice of the Conciliation
Authority. Based on the request of the parties, the Additional Labour
Commissioner (IR) and State Conciliation Officer was pleased to re-admit the
dispute into conciliation vide his letter bearing Reference No:IDA-2 / CR-126 /
2014-15 dated 08.12.2014 fixing a conciliation meeting to be held in the Office
of the Additional labour Commissioner and State Conciliation Officer on
08.12.2014.

Accordingly, the parties to the dispute namely, the representatives of the
Company and Officebearers of MEA met in the said conciliation meeting on
08.12.2014, to fine tune the Memorandum of Settlement under the guidance
and advice of the Conciliation Authority.

With the aid, support, advice and guidance of the Additional Labor
Commissioner (IR) and the State Conciliation Officer, after making certain

tsations on a few aspects covered under the Summary of
UndexStg¢nding, both the parties have come to an amicable final settlement, to
the enter utual satisfaction of the parties and have agreed to sign a

iQ
ah anduih of Settlement on the Terms and Conditions as enumerated
§}> er
UN ( Additighal Labour Commissioner (IR) and the State Conciliation officer,
Nt Karnataka, is fully satisfied that the package of benefits extended by
“wen pany and the Management Proposals accepted by MEA under the

terms and conditions of this Memorandum of Settlement is ‘fair, proper,
appropriate and reasonable’ to both the parties. The terms and conditions of
the Memorandum of Settlement (MoS) consisting of Part - | to Part - Ill are as
enumerated hereunder:

ADM efi iblate

yw) wal ¢

=== PAGE 9 ===

1 © submitted by th

TERMS OF SETTLEMENT

PART 1 - GENERAL
It is agreed by and between the parties as follows:

1. It is agreed between the Parties that the Settlement shall be valid and
in force for a period of four years from 01.01.2013 to 31.12.2016 except
wherever a different date is specifically mentioned and will be
applicable to the Permanent Workmen who are on the rolls of the
company in the salary / wages categories of MC1 to MC6, MT1 to MT4
and of G03 to G10, as on the date of signing of the settlement.
However, the settlement benefits will also be extended to the workmen
who expired, Retired on attaining the age of superannuation and retired
opting for “Early Voluntary Retirement’, during the period from
01.01.2013 till the date of signing the MoS. Further, the permanent
workmen currently in G02 category as on the date of signing of the
settlement will also be extended the settlement benefits. With the
promotion of these G02 workmen to G07 wage category as provided in
this settlement, the existing wage category of G02 shall get modified as
NGO2 (Please refer Part Il, Clause No 19).

= The Settlement shall continue to be in force and binding on the parties
even thereafter until it is terminated by a valid notice, in accordance
with the provisions of the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947. The

ds as contained in the Charter of Demands dated™
also all the demands raised in the strike notice dated

‘05.12.20
iS AEP ee ining to the workmen of the Factory and Offices of the

ugodi, Bangalore and the Management Proposals
= Company vide letters dated 04.02.2013, 26.04.2013,
YON. % @5:07.2013 and 20.11.2014 and neither of the parties shall have the,
\.* tight to-terminate the Settlement before its expiry i.e., till 31/12.2016.
“Spgpeico Fre m what is’ specifically stated herein, no promises,
undertakings or indications of any nature whatsoever not set out in the
Settlement, shall be taken as agreed to or implied. Further, the
workmen and the MEA agree not to reopen any of the matters covered
under this Settlement and agree not to raise any demand, which would
involve additional financial burden on the Company, either directly or
indirectly, during the duration of this Settlement.

ninag dye Ke, mn

| _ Company at

t, in the manner stated herein, is in full and final Settlemept . -

=== PAGE 10 ===

3 It is the intent and purpose of both the parties that this Settlement
should promote and strengthen harmonious Industrial Relations
between the Company and the Workmen. The workmen and MEA
shall extend their full and unstinted co-operation to the Company and
wholeheartedly support its efforts towards maximizing production,
productivity, improvement in efficiencies of men _ and
machineries/equipment, efficient handling of raw materials and
elimination of wasteful practices, improvement in yields and in reducing
operating costs, improving competitiveness and flexibility, energy
consumption, improving quality in all operations, improvement in
housekeeping, reduction in unauthorized absenteeism and optimum
utilization of all resources. The workmen and MEA shall also extend
their full co-operation in further strengthening the goodwill and
harmonious relations between the Company, the MEA, the workmen,
the customers and the society in general.

4. MEA assures its wholehearted support to the Company’s efforts
towards overall improvement in the operations, efficiency, rehabilitation
of workmen rendered surplus due to outsourcing of non core
activities/operations, discipline, proper adherence to the hours of work
and full and effective utilization of the plant’s men and machinery

icted power supply hampers plant production activities. If the
Any, inspite of the restrictions imposed by the Government in this
s in a position to keep the factory and offices working on all the

lo duty even though the Government may propose to keep the
‘etrial undertakings working for a less number of working days in a

6. MEA and the workmen agree not to encourage or condone any acts of
theft, willful damage to Company’s property, violence and sabotage.

i. It is agreed that in the event of any of the provisions of this Settlement
becoming legally unenforceable or gets superseded by any statute,
award, orders or agreement between the parties to this Settlement,
such unenforceability or supersession shall not affect the remaining
unaffected provisions of this Settlement and the same shall continue to
remain binding with such modifications in the Settlement as may be
necessary by the above conditions and any such changes made in this

10

=== PAGE 11 ===

Settlement shall be considered as having been incorporated originally
to this Settlement.

It is further agreed that in case by way of a legislation or otherwise any
identical or similar benefits as accruing to the workmen are introduced
by the State Government or the Government of India or any other
statutory competent authority, the MEA and workmen shall choose
between the totality of any of the benefits given under either the
legislation or by notification of other statutory competent authority and
this Settlement. The MEA and workmen shall not be entitled to pick
and choose between the benefits available under any legislation and/or
such orders/notifications and the benefits available under the terms of
this Settlement and it is also agreed that the workmen will not be
entitled to benefits under this Settlement as well as the Statute / Law /
Notification i.e., both the benefits simultaneously.

In order to ensure smooth and continuous working, the workmen and
on their behalf MEA agree that in no case will they resort to direct
action such as Strike, Go-Slow and/or any other form of coercive
action(s), without exhausting all statutory, peaceful, constitutional and
legitimate methods for redressal of grievances and avenues available
under the conciliation machinery and without serving seven (7) days
notice on the Company. Likewise, the Company will also not declare a
lockout without serving seven (7) days notice on MEA.

Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) are made available: :for--safe.

oneself from occupational hazards. Therefore, while on work,

Roy PEs as applicable, are mandatory to all workmen

engaged g on all operations/processes. Further, all workmen

sf ensure ene of safety shoes while inside the factory premises.
“2 em \ 24

i is. I Nershoed that the wage increases, benefits arid facilities

ded 1 by the Company under this settlement are in full’'&- final.
tons of: Fall the demands raised by MEA and also the same is fair

appropriate keeping in view the Management Proposals
considered by MEA and the workmen, as a package deal.

All other rights, privileges and obligations of either of the parties,
arising from all the earlier settlements, shall continue with full force and
effect for the duration of this Settlement, except to the extent expressly
modified under this Settlement.

“

=== PAGE 12 ===

PART Il - MEA DEMANDS AND MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS

1. Abolition of existing AJES/ MJES processes and Promotion
Procedure and introduction of a Revised Time Bound
Promotion Procedure:

Itis agreed to abolish the existing “Analytical Job Evaluation System
(AJES)” and “Monthly Job Evaluation System (MJES)” entirely, as
introduced vide various Settlements in the past. Further, it is also
agreed to entirely abolish the existing Job Category and vacancy
based “Promotion Procedure” introduced vide various settlements in
the past. It is also agreed to abolish “Self Setting Promotions”
introduced vide various settlements in the past. The above abolitions
shall come into force from the date of signing of this Settlement.

om Revised Time Bound Promotion Procedure:

Consequent to the abolition of Job Category and vacancy based
Promotion Procedure, it is agreed to introduce a Revised Time
Bound Promotion (TBP) Procedure, modifying the existing Time
bound promotion Policy, with effect from the date of signing of the
Settlement, as detailed below and as given in enclosure, marked as
Annexure 3. cing

It is agreed that the workmen in NGO2 wage category will be
romoted to G03 after completing 5 years in the NGO2 wage
ategory subject to fulfilling the existing TBP eligibility criteria.
hereafter, further Time Bound Promotions will be, once in four
“/ years. Further, the workmen in G03 to G09 wage categories will be
ta KY; granted Time Bound promotions once in four years upto the
se BANODS maximum wage category of G10 as against/in modification of the
current practice of promotions once in seven years. The above
promotions will be subject to fulfilling the eligibility criteria for Time
Bound Promotions. It is agreed that maximum wage/salary
categories applicable to different categories of workmen will be
restricted to G10, MC6 and MT4 as the case may be. However, the
following exceptions will be made as a onetime exercise.

2.1.1. It is agreed to promote all the permanent workmen who are on the
rolls of the company as on the date of signing of the settlement and
who are currently in wage categories G02, G03, G04, G05 and G06

Poh Ly an mn of —
_——

12

=== PAGE 13 ===

2.1.2.

to G07 wage category as a onetime exercise with effect from the
date of signing of the settlement. Thereafter, in respect of these
permanent workmen, promotions to higher wage categories upto
G10 category will be based on the Revised Time Bound Promotion
Procedure i.e., once in four years subject to fulfilling the existing
eligibility criteria for Time Bound Promotions. Consequent to this, the
current GO2 wage category will stand modified into NGO2 wage
category.

Itis agreed that the existing Permanent workmen in wage categories
G07, G08 and GO9 who would have completed 4 years in their
current wage category on the date of signing of the Settlement will
be promoted to the next higher wage category as the case may be,
with effect from the same date, subject to fulfilling the existing TBP
eligibility criteria, as a onetime exercise. Further, the existing
permanent workmen in G07, G08 and GO9 who will be completing 4
years in their respective wage categories after the date of signing of
the settlement will be promoted as and when they complete 4 years
in the wage category, subject to fulfilling the existing TBP eligibility
criteria. Thereafter, the revised TBP period of four years in each
wage category will apply. For example: A permanent workman
completing 3 yrs & 8 months in GO7 wage category on the date of
signing of the settlement will be promoted to G08 wage category on
completing 4 months from the date of signing of the settlement,
subject to TBP eligibility conditions.

ent workmen currently in G07, G08 and GO9 wage...
3 d who have completed more than four years in théir
current wa rategory on the date of signing of the settlement and

get promotedias per clause 2.1.2 above, the spillover period, over

and above the four years criteria for promotion will be reckoned for

NG -$he next romotion. For example: A permanent workman who has
inp six years on the date of signing of the settlement in the

22.

Nex age category of G07, will be promoted to G08 on the date 7

of signing of the settlement and thereafter, the spillover period of two--
years (6-4=2) will be reckoned for the next promotion (to G09)
qualifying period of four years, subject to fulfilling the TBP eligibility
criteria.

Existing permanent workmen in G10, MC6 and MT4 salary/wage
categories, who have completed four years in the salary/wage
categories on the date of signing of the settlement, will be granted

=== PAGE 14 ===

one increment in lieu of TBP, subject to fulfilling the TBP eligibility
criteria. Thereafter, permanent workmen in G10, MC6 and MT4
salary/wage categories will get one increment in lieu of TBP once in
4 years, again, subject to fulfilling the TBP eligibility criteria. Such
permanent workmen currently in G10, MC6 and MT4 and who have
completed more than four years in their current wage category on
the date of signing of the settlement, the spillover period, over and
above the four years will be considered for granting the next
increment in lieu of the next Time Bound Promotion.

2.3. The existing practice of extending one promotion and two
increments (including one promotional increment) to the workmen
rehabilitated on account of outsourcing / ancillarization shall
continue, as hitherto before.

2.4. From the date of signing of the settlement, all the Hourly Rated
Permanent workmen in the wage categories of NGO2, and from G03
to G10 will be re- designated as “Technicians”.

hi Opening the wage structure: It is agreed that existing wage
structure limits of different categories of workmen will be opened
from the stagnation level without any changes in the increment rate
with effect from 01.01.2015 and thereafter from 1° January each
year, subject to fulfilling the increment granting . criteria. This
opening up will apply to the permanent workmen” on rolls of the
mpany as on the date of signing of the Settlement and who would
e reached the stagnation levels. The impact of Rs. 207/-
APS ees two hundred and seven only) per workman per month,
ee Stay C He lated for a period of four years only, from the date of signing of
Wares ettlement will be derived from the settlement basket amount.
her, it is agreed that the increment rates at the saturated level in
spect of each wage category shall remain unchanged.

4. Rationalization of Increment granting Procedure : The increment
granting procedure will be rationalized as follows:

4.1. All permanent workmen whose increments are saturated as on
01.01.2015 and those who are due for their normal annual
increments from 01.01.2015 to 30.06.2015 will be granted their
annual increments with effect from 01.01.2015 and thereafter every
year effective the 1% day of January, subject to increment granting
criteria.

=== PAGE 15 ===

4.2.

4.3.

S10,

Ax
ow
/3/
O}/
93)
Y
Ye

L ABO Gap

All permanent workmen who are due for their normal annual
increments from 01.07.2015 to 31.12.2015 will be granted their
annual increments with effect from 01.07.2015 and thereafter every
year effective the 1 day of July, subject to increment granting
criteria.

All other terms and conditions in respect of granting of annual
increments, including the postponement period, shall remain
unchanged.

implementation of Standard Time based system of work (SVT)
as per Bosch Industrial Engineering guidelines / norms /
standards:

It is agreed to introduce Standard Time based system of work (SVT)
in all the valuestreams across Ban location. However, wherever SVT
system is already implemented in accordance with the previous
settlements, the implementation and further improvements shall
continue. Standard Time (VT) study will be conducted using Stop
Watch (REFA) methodology. During and after study, workmen shall
work as per the defined standardized work. Workmen shall
cooperate as committed by MEA to complete the study as per plan.

Study and Re-VT study: It is agreed that VT Study and/or Re-VT
ill be conducted in the event of new operations, new

, new processes, change in method / material / workstation:
improvement in the bottleneck operations, optimization of
ing, process improvements, elimination of Opefation(s),
ng/of operations and automation / low cost automation.

“ve Leh / Re-VT study: It is agreed that VT Study / Re-VT Study

Ne Drone é conducted reckoning the changes done since January 2013

5.4.

as per Point 5.2 above. It is further agreed that all VT studies
completed till the date of signing of the settlement, based on
previous settlements, will be implemented after clarification of
missing elements, if any, within one week.

It is agreed that generally VT study will be carried out with the
involvement of permanent employee(s). The employee(s) concerned
working in the area will be involved in the time study.

15

=== PAGE 16 ===

5.5. It is agreed that VTs arrived at, based on REFA study methods, as
per Bosch Industrial Engineering Guidelines/Standards/Norms shall
not be negotiable by workmen / MEA, under any circumstances.

5.6. It is agreed that the workmen directly concerned and the area
Executive Committee Member of MEA may seek clarifications, if
any, as may be required.

5.7. It is agreed that once the study is completed, the VT shall be
incorporated into the system after verifying / clarifying missing
elements, if any. The process and flow of the VT study is given in
the enclosure, marked as Annexure 4. The VT shall be
incorporated into the system within 10 days from the date of issue to
the workman concerned. No workman shall refuse to receive the VT
sheet upon issue by the Foreman concerned. However, in
exceptional cases if VT is not incorporated into the system within 10
days, the matter shall be discussed with RC, HRL, TEF and MEA
and the VT shall be incorporated into the system within the next 10
days and the same / final VT shall be recorded by both the parties
(Management & MEA representative) through a Minutes: -of Meeting
within the overall 20 days period as above. i

‘

= Ks fe auiee that an Additional Time Allowance of 15% on Auto time
\ . e given. This is a concession from Bosch IE guidelines.
nN
4. is agreed that total of Constant Work Station: Allowance and
No ariable Work station Allowance shall be at actuals subject to a

minimum of 10% of Basic time. This is also a concession from
Bosch IE guidelines.

5.11. It is agreed that Personal Time Allowance shall be as per Bosch IE
guidelines (5%).

5.12. It is agreed that Incentive shall be paid only for the good parts
produced. Quality is every workman’s responsibility. For any
defective part produced not due to the fault of the workman, affecting
the final output, incentive will be paid through TVT. The list of items
covered under TVT will be as per the enclosure, marked as
Annexure 5,

” TINK |” +

=== PAGE 17 ===

5.13. It is agreed that in case of breakdowns, TVT will be issued as per
the enclosure, marked as Annexure 5.

5.14. It is agreed that Line balancing and Grouping will be decided by the
Value Stream Owner (RC) & TEF6 to ensure optimum utilization of
men and machines, in consultation with MEA.

5.15. Setup / Changeover time will be paid based on “tr” (setup) study,
depending on actual number of setup/changeover carried out on the
shop floor.

6. Grouping:

6.1. ‘It is agreed that all the existing shift wise groups in NVT areas will
migrate to day-wise grouping, exactly upon completion of 06 months
from the date of implementation of SVT within the cost centre.

6.2. It is agreed that in case of Individual Incentive system (like A-pump
calibration and FMG), the individuals will migrate to shift-wise
groups, within the cost centre, exactly upon completion of 09 months
from the date of implementation of SVT in the respective areas and
thereafter migrate to day-wise group exactly upon completion of a
further 06 months.

6.356 ¥ that in the case of existing SVT covered products as on

the da signing the Settlement, migration to product. level’
Jj = grouping shal take place within one year from the date of signing of
a | - the Settlement.

Ve A. uv “ae is agreed that the cost centers shall be redefined by the Company
op crenpagpeessary for effective working of the groups formed.

NG al Oe” tiie
Revised Indirect Incentive Scheme:

7.1. The existing indirect Incentive scheme will be revised and shall be
applicable to the permanent indirect workmen covered under the
existing indirect incentive scheme and Differential Payment System
(DPS). Accordingly, the existing DPS Scheme shall stand abolished
from the start of the succeeding wage period following the date of
signing of the settlement. The payment of indirect incentive to all
permanent workmen covered under the Revised Indirect Incentive
Scheme shall be subject to Individual Performance Evaluation and

=== PAGE 18 ===

Factory Average Efficiency (FAE) as detailed in the Evaluation
Proforma and the Indirect Incentive Table enclosed herein and
marked as Annexure 6A and Annexure 6B. Further, it is agreed to
increase the existing factor on Paid Factory Average Efficiency
(PFAE) from 70% to 75% as explained in the Indirect Incentive
Table as per the above Annexure 6B.

8. Common Incentive Rate (CIR):

8.1. | A common Incentive rate of Rs. 91.47 per hour will be introduced by
combining the maximum Cost Centre rate of Rs.4.50 per hour and
the existing GO7 incentive rate of Rs. 86.97 per hour. The new
Common Incentive rate will be applicable for the permanent direct
workmen, (excluding permanent direct workmen in NGO2 wage
category), covered under the SVT Scheme and accordingly the
Common Incentive Rate shall be Rs. 91.47 (Year 2014) per hour
and will be applicable to SVT areas from the start of the succeeding
wage period following the date of signing of the settlement. This
common incentive rate will also be extended to the Permanent direct
workmen (excluding permanent workmen in NGO2 wage category) in
NVT areas, after implementation of SVT in such areas. Permanent
direct workmen in NVT areas will continue to be- eligible to get their
job grade incentive rate and Cost Centre rate as applicable, until

r the permanent workmen in indirect areas, (excluding

Consequent to introduction of Common incentive rate which includes
the maximum cost center rate of Rs. 4.50 (Rupees Four and Paisa
Fifty only) per hour, the existing Cost Centre rate shall be abolished
from the start of the succeeding wage period following the date of
signing of the settlement.

Existing practice of neutralizing the CPI rise or fall shall be continued
on the Common Incentive Rate.

taf teas oT

18

=== PAGE 19 ===

9. Additional Basic Pay (ABP):

It is agreed between the parties to convert incentive payment
equivalent to 38 Efficiency Basis Points into a fixed component
named as Additional Basic Pay (ABP) and payable only to the direct
permanent workmen (excluding permanent workmen in NGO2 wage
category) who are on the rolls of the company as on the date of
signing of the settlement. For the permanent workman in the existing
SVT areas, this ABP payment will be made subject to such
permanent workmen achieving SVT efficiency equal to or greater
than 100% every month. The Permanent direct workmen working in
existing SVT areas will get the ABP amount from the succeeding
wage period after the date of signing of the settlement.

Other permanent direct workmen working in NVT areas will also get
the ABP amount from the succeeding wage period after the date of
signing of the settlement, subject to achieving earned efficiency
greater than 185% and subject to minimum worked days of 15 days
per month. During the transition period, from NVT to SVT, existing
NVT scheme will continue in such areas. During the transition period
from NVT to SVT, the workmen covered under NVT will be paid
incentive as per the existing job grade wise incentive rates. If any
ent workman is transferred from SVT to NVT area after the
but during the transition period, the issue of payment of
ABP ands plicability of Common Incentive Rate will be addressed

bv 4

‘mutually, >| “gt

”
i
+

Gy eis Commpn Incentive Rate will not be applicable to the permanent
ge i wring in NGO2 wage category.

ot! ‘AWBP“Amount will be computed as follows and will be common for all
permanent direct workmen irrespective of their personal grades.

ABP Amount = 38/100 x 187.5 x 91.47 (CIR) x 1.25 = Rs. 8147/-
(Rupees Eight Thousand One Hundred Forty Seven only), inclusive
of derivatives and AHRA. The ABP amount will not be revised in
future for any reason whatsoever, including any change in the
incentive rates and wage categories. Computation of ABP shall be
as follows: 1

=== PAGE 20 ===

1.

ABP (without AHRA, PF & Gratui
AHRA (25%
Total ABP (inclusive of AHRA, PF & Gratuity

impact)

impact)

The ABP as computed above will also be applicable to all permanent
indirect workmen including MRE, covered under Indirect Incentive
Scheme and under Performance Incentive Payment Scheme (PIPS),
as the case may be, who are on the rolls of the company as on the
date of signing the settlement. For the indirect permanent workmen
working in Performance Incentive Payment System (PIPS) covered
areas, the payment of ABP shall be subject to such permanent
workmen achieving an evaluation score of 40 and above.

The ABP amount will qualify for year on year CPI impact based on
actual Hours Worked on Incentive (HWI).

The ABP amount applicable to permanent workmen in NGO2 wage
category will be calculated based on the specific incentive rate
applicable to them.

For permanent indirect workmen including MRE, covered under
direct Incentive Scheme and under PIPS, payment of ABP will be
the succeeding wage period after the date of signing of the
lement.

entive Merged Basic (IMB): Payment of IMB shall continue as

“Per the relevant provisions of the MoS dated 25.10.2010.

Payment of Incentive: Consequent to introduction of ABP and
continuation of IMB, payment of Direct Incentive, will be based on
“Paid Efficiency” for all the existing and future permanent workmen
from the date of signing of the settlement.

Application of SVT Conversion Factor and Computation of Paid
Efficiency:

It is agreed to revise the existing SVT conversion factor effective
from the date of signing of the Settlement, as follows:

—
ppt mone
20

=== PAGE 21 ===

For those who achieve 100% SVT efficiency: from 1.60 to 1.85
For those who achieve 101% and above SVT efficiency: from 1.60
to 1.98.

The table below explains the Computation method of Paid Efficiency
for the permanent direct workmen working in SVT areas:

Paid Efficiency

214.30(267.30-15-38)

Maximum monthly average SVT Efficiency for incentive payment

shall be 135%. Paid Efficiency is considered for incentive amount
computation. Please refer Annexure 7A for further details.

Factorized

i Efficienc
185.00

MEA will cooperate to increase the efficiency from the current levels
in the existing SVT areas and in the existing NVT areas after SVT
implementation.

13, Performance Linked Payment (PLP): It is agreed between the
parties that the existing PLP facility vide Sub clause Number 4 c) of
F ZO PRATUB of the MoS dated 25.10.2010 shall stand abolished, with

LF ~ effect frgm the date of signing of the settlement.

f. Sy Fo *S)

[: 14. ..Pértormange | Evaluation Scheme (PES): Consequent to the
e -  improvemet ts in the incentive payments vide enhancement of SVT
\% \ Conversion Factor and merger of variable pay into fixed pay namely,

\O) ‘an Additional “Basic Pay (ABP), the existing PES for all direct
ae permanent workmen shall stand abolished with effect from the date
‘““<afsigniig of the Settlement.

15. Overall basket amount and distribution: The total basket amount
will be an average sum of Rs. 8500/- (Rupees Eight Thousand Five
Hundred only) per permanent workman per month (excluding
workmen in NGO2 wage category) including derivatives such as
AHRA, PF and Gratuity as applicable, of which, 70% will be
distributed into the fixed components and 30% into variable
components. The variable portion will be offered as a Variable

of br mse — ,
—

=== PAGE 22 ===

Incentive Pay (VIP) for SVT and NVT areas as per the incentive
tables attached and marked as Annexure 7A and Annexure 7B,
respectively, subject to achieving SVT efficiency of 100 % and
above and NVT Paid efficiency of 101% and above. However, for the
workmen covered under the indirect incentive scheme and PIPS, the
variable portion from the basket will be subject to performance
evaluation and as per the VIP allocated in the Annexure 6B and
Annexure 6C.

15.1. Details of allocation / distribution of Fixed Basket

15.1.1. General Increase: it is agreed that with effect from 01.01.2013, all
the permanent workmen on the rolls of the company as on
01.01.2013, excluding the workmen in NGO2 wage category, shall
be given an uniform general increase of Rs. 1285.71/- (Rupees One
Thousand Two Hundred Eighty Five and Paisa Seventy One only)
per month. This amount shall be merged with Personal Pay, as
applicable to the individual workman.

This Personal Pay will continue to qualify for payment of Gratuity,
Bonus /AHRA, EPF, Leave wages/Leave encashment and Overtime
only, as applicable, but does not qualify for Incentive payments.

the company as on the date of signing of the settlement, shall be

wed uniform service weightage amount to be calculated at the
te of Rs. 30/- (Rupees Thirty only) for each completed year of
service as on 01.01.2013. This amount of Service Weightage shall
be merged with and treated as Personal Pay, as applicable to the
individual workman.

This Service Weightage placed in individual’s Personal Pay will
continue to qualify for payment of Gratuity, Bonus /AHRA, EPF,
Leave wages/Leave encashment and Overtime only, as applicable,
but does not qualify for any type of Incentive.

.

nauarishi saat ano

22

=== PAGE 23 ===

15.1.3. House Rent Allowance: With effect from 01.01.2013, all the
permanent workmen excluding workmen in NGO2 wage category
who are on the rolls of the company as on the date of signing the
settlement, shall be paid House Rent Allowance at the rate of Rs.
2782/- (Rupees Two Thousand Seven Hundred Eighty Two only) per
month instead of the existing Rs.1330/- (Rupees One Thousand
Three Hundred Thirty only) per month. The practice of prorating of
House Rent Allowance shall continue as per Clause No 11, Part Il,
of the Memorandum of Settlement dated 19.08.1998.

15.1.4. Conveyance Allowance: With effect from 01.01.2013, all the
permanent workmen, excluding workmen in NGO2 wage category,
who are on the rolls of the company as on the date of signing of the
settlement, shall be paid Conveyance Allowance at the rate of Rs.
1800/- (Rupees One Thousand Eight Hundred only) per month
instead of the existing Rs.1400/- (Rupees One Thousand Four
Hundred only) per month. The practice of prorating of Conveyance
Allowance shall continue as per Clause No 11, Part ll, of the
Memorandum of Settlement dated 19.08.1998.

15.1.5. Education Subsidy: With effect from 01.01.2013, all the permanent

a npnanen, excluding workmen in NGO2 wage category, who are on
4 CAB ay Fonda the company as on the date of signing of the settlement,
Education Subsidy at the rate of Rs. 1200/- (Rupees

Pe Allowance: With effect from 01.01.2013, all the
permanent workmen, excluding workmen in NGO2 wage category,
who are on the rolls of the company as onthe date of signing of'the
settlement, shall be paid Washing Allowance at the rate of Rs. 775/-
(Rupees Seven Hundred Seventy Five only) per month instead of
the existing Rs.475/- (Rupees Four Hundred and Seventy Five only)
per month. The practice of prorating of Washing Allowance shall
continue as per Clause No 11, Part Il, of the Memorandum of

Settlement dated 19.08.1998. ) \
as)
Halts

23

=== PAGE 24 ===

15.1.7. Medical Expenses Reimbursement: With effect from 01.01.2013,

16.

16.1.2.

all the permanent workmen, excluding workmen in NGO2 wage
category, who are on the rolls of the company as on the date of
signing of the settlement and not covered under ESI Scheme shall
be eligible for reimbursement of Medical Expenses upto a maximum
amount of Rs. 1960/- (Rupees One Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty
only)* per month instead of the existing Rs.1575/- (Rupees One
Thousand Five Hundred and Seventy Five only) per month. The
practice of prorating of Medical Expenses Reimbursement shall
continue as per Clause No 11, Part Il, of the Memorandum of
Settlement dated 19.08.1998.

HOSPITALIZATION SCHEME: It is agreed by and between the
Parties to revise the existing Hospitalization Scheme which shall
hereafter be called “Revised Hospitalization Scheme- Ban” (RHS-B).
It is further agreed to identify specific inflows and out flows into the
Hospitalization Scheme and also to fix individual ceiling limits per
ailment per permanent workman/defined family members, in NGO2,
G02 (to be replaced with NGO2 after promotion of the existing
workmen in the grade to G07 in terms of the Settlement), G03 to
G10, MC1 to MC6 and MT1 to MT4 wage / salary categories and to
earmark an overall annual budgetary cap, with a view to ensure that
the Hospitalization Scheme is not an open ended one but a Scheme
with specific annualized controls at individual and Planttevel. a

The Scheme shall be applicable only to the permatient workmen on
the rolls of the Company as on the date of signing of the Settlement.
NETWs will also be extended RHS-B benefits for themselves only
(for workman himself /herself only), subject to individual ailment wise
caps as specified in the MoS dated 25.10.2010.

Salient features: Salient features of the RHS-B shall be as follows:

Beneficiaries: Beneficiaries shall be permanent workman, Spouse,
Dependant legitimate sons up to 23 years of age, Dependant
legitimate daughters up to 23 years of age or till marriage, whichever
is earlier & dependant biological parents.

Serious Ailments: Serious Ailments shall be the following: a) Cancer
treatment/care, b) Renal Surgery / Dialysis, c) Cardiac Surgery and
d) Neuro Surgery.

24

=== PAGE 25 ===

16.1.3. Major Ailments: Major Ailments shall mean ailments involving
hospitalization on medical advice, other than what are specified
under Serious Ailment category with specified Day Care treatments/
exclusions as per the enclosure, marked as Annexure 8.

16.1.4. Ceiling Limits for Major Ailments: It is agreed to revise the Ceiling
limits for the Major Ailments from Rs. 1,50,000/- (Rupees One Lakh
Fifty Thousand only) to Rs. 1,75,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Seventy
Five Thousand only) per person per ailment per annum. The
financial impact for the revision from Rs. 1,50,000/- to Rs. 1,75,000/-
shall be Rs. 40/- (Rupees Forty only) per permanent workman per
month and the same will be reckoned from the basket. This amount
of 40/- will be recovered through monthly salary/ wages deduction
for the workmen in NGO2 wage category along with the other
deductions towards hospitalization cost increase and inflation as
explained in clause 19. j) of Part Il below.

16.1.5. Ceiling Limits for Serious Ailments: The Ceiling limits for Serious
Ailments shall continue to be Rs.5,00,000/- (Rupees Five Lakhs
only) per person per ailment during the service period of each
workman.

16.1.6. Benefits continued from the erstwhile MCBF Scheme :

a) Post retirement on superannuation of workmen, a onetime benefit.’ a

If or spouse towards expenses incurred on admission as “In-

, up to a maximum sum of Rs.10,000/- (Rupees Ten

“Te Tho d only) will be paid by the Company, subject to production
of valid bills. The ailments covered for this benefit are Cardiac

\ ofc “Surgeries, Renal Surgeries, and Treatment of Neuro Surgeries
s\ Ree. oe (intra- cranial), Cancer related Surgeries / Treatment.
Oo ce ”
5
*

ava cob) Upon death of a workman while in service, an amount of
~~*=="Rs.10,000/- (Rupees Ten Thousand only) will be paid along with the
final settlement to the nominee/legal heir of the deceased workman.

16.1.7. Cessation as Beneficiary: Eligibility for benefits under this Scheme
shall cease for all beneficiaries upon the workman retiring on
attaining the age of superannuation or gets separated from the
services of the Company due to any other reason whatsoever. ‘

| PY) ND OH lag
° Tilak h |
25

=== PAGE 26 ===

16.2. Inflow & outflow for Hospitalization expenses within the ceiling
limits: It is agreed between the parties that inflow and outflow
calculations for hospitalization expenses within the ceiling limits
shall be made at the end of each calendar year. If the aggregate of
the hospitalization expenses within the ceiling limits in a calendar
year exceeds the inflow, the same will be recovered from the wages
of the permanent workmen in maximum 12 monthly installments
during the subsequent year starting from January and ending in
December. In case of separation of any workman from the services
of the company for whatsoever reasons, the entire amount due from
such workman will be recovered from the full and final settlement
amount or from any other dues to the workman.

Components of inflow to meet medical expenses within the
ceiling limits

Particulars

Eligible erstwhile Manipal Hospital Scheme (MHS)
expenses as per actual admissions per annum
Erstwhile MCBF contributions by the Compan

Basket allocation from MoS dated 25.10.2010.

Amount in INR
per month per
person

The Inflow per month will be equal to an amount of Rs.1151/-
(Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Fifty one only) in respect of
each permanent workman and eligible MHS expenses as per actual
admissions per annum, subject to the ceilings prescribed under the
MHS Scheme. The actual total inflow will depend on the actual
number of such workmen on the rolls of the company in each
month.

Outflow: It is agreed that the outflow will be the total actual
hospitalization expenses incurred by the company within the
prescribed ailment wise ceiling limits, including the eligible
expenses under the erstwhile Manipal Hospital Scheme. Based on

nmap tat
[YNNCEK TT

=== PAGE 27 ===

the Inflows and Outflows as defined above, any excess outflow will
be recovered by the company as mentioned above. Excess inflow,
if any, will be carried forward to the following year.

16.3. Recovery of excess hospitalization expenses:
Excess expenditure incurred by the company in respect of the
period from 25.10.2010 to 30.06.2014 will be recovered from the
arrears arising out of the Settlement, as explained below:

Total
(in INR)

Recovery
amount per
permanent
workman,

excluding
workmen in

NGO2 category

| (in INR

Excess spending within ceiling 53, 19,789 2066
limits
Excess spending above the 1, 81, 82,656 7061
ceiling limits

‘Total 2,85, 02,4485 | 9127

A sum of Rs.9127/- (Rupees Nine Thousand One Hundred Twenty
Seven only) per permanent workman, will be recovered from the
arrears arising out of the Settlement.

Particulars

Any additional outflow from the company beyond June. 2014 til
2.2014 will be separately computed and recovered from the
« vittges Ins monthly equal installments from January 2015. Excess -
7 inflow, if.afty;, during the period from June to December 2014 will be
” -Hriies fo y to the next year.

4.. Contingency Fund (CF):
\ :

&S

ic ¢ Ps
J a9

ES
So~

tn

kh

> ‘for reimbursement of hospitalization expenses exceeding the ailment
“Mise. ceiling limits. Towards this purpose, a sum of Rs. 325/-
(Rupees Three Hundred Twenty Five only) per permanent workman
per month will be deducted from the wages of such permanent
workmen every month. The actual amount of Contingency Fund
created through this deduction out of the wages payable to

nibnaa htc me

27

=== PAGE 28 ===

permanent workmen will vary depending on the number of
permanent workmen, month - on - month.

For hospitalization expenses exceeding the ceiling limits, the
permanent workmen shall pay and settle the same directly with the
hospital where admitted and subsequently claim reimbursement
from-the contingency fund. Reimbursements will be done subject to
availability of money in the Contingency Fund and verification of
documents submitted by the workman concerned, by BanP/MED.
Bills which are verified by BanP/MED and complete in all respects
will be reimbursed within three working days from the date of
clearance by BanP/MED under normal circumstances. Submission
of proper documents, complete in all respects, shall be the
responsibility of the workman concerned.

16.4.1. Conditions for creation & maintenance of contingency fund
(CF) :

Initial Contingency Fund will be created by recovering a sum of
Rs.4225/- (Rupees Four Thousand Two Hundred Twenty Five only)
from each permanent workman from the arrears payable to such

twat would be incurred exceeding: the ailment wise ceiling
6 the period from the date of signing of the Settlement till

Contingency Fund as mentioned above and further, subject to
availability of money in the Contingency Fund.

16.4.2. In order to create Contingency Fund for the succeeding year (2016)
and thereafter, an amount equal to Rs.325/- ( Rupees Three
Hundred Twenty Five only) per permanent workman per month
(including NGO2 wage category workman) will be recovered out of
the salary/wages payable, beginning from January 2015 and
onwards.

‘
”

( hese
Mabe MN
jel

28

=== PAGE 29 ===

16.4.3. The Contingency Fund earmarked for the succeeding year will not
be used in the current year. In case the Contingency Fund
(excluding the contributions earmarked for the succeeding year) is
exhausted during the course of a year in any month, reimbursement
of any expenses exceeding the ceiling limits will be made only after
recovering the same from the salary / wages of the permanent
workmen in an equal manner in the subsequent months of the same
year. Periodical reviews will be done by the Company during the
course of each year to assess the status and adequacy of the
Contingency Fund and if needed, additional monthly recoveries will
be made from the salary/wages payable to the permanent workmen
as explained above, with intimation to MEA.

16.4.4. Hospitalization expenses reimbursed through contingency fund will
be subject to tax laws as per Rule 3A of Income Tax Rules, 1962.

16.5. Empanelled hospitals:
It is agreed to increase the number of empanelled hospitals from 30
to 36 subject to suitability of the hospitals. List of empanelled
hospitals is enclosed and marked as Annexure 9.

16.6. In emergency situations, it is agreed to extend the facility for
treatment of Parents of permanent workmen residing outside the
limits of Bangalore City, but not in a movable condition, for
admissions in Hospitals nearer to their place of stay; dowéver, it has
been agreed that the payments which the Compatiy’Wwill pay direttly
to the Hospitals will be limited to the individual ailment wise ceiling -

reed in the Settlement.

: ion outside Bangalore, for treating parents of
i permanent men who are not in a movable conditions
bea | (emergency cages), advance payment shall be made, upon
ve.  <submission ofthe original bills and scrutiny and satisfaction of the
Was géniingness,by BanP/MED. Final settlement up to the ailment wise
_« ‘geiling timits-will be made, only after the discharge of the patient and
~=Subetission of all necessary documents by the permanent workman
concerned and verification by BanP/MED.

Fage hospi

\

rie
eh met

29

=== PAGE 30 ===

16.7. Incase an empanelled hospital does not enjoy exemption under the
Income tax rules, such hospitals will be delisted. Further, if any
workman or his dependant gets hospitalized in an empanelled
hospital or otherwise as in 16.6 above, that does not enjoy income
tax exemption, such workman shall be subject to income tax as
applicable to the extent of the amount that is paid by the company to
the hospital or reimbursed to the workman, as the case may be.

16.8. Company shall have the right to terminate its contract with any of the
empanelled hospitals and to remove them from the list of approved
empanelled hospitals, if the hospitals are working contrary to the
agreed terms and conditions of the agreement and/or indulging in
unethical business practices and are working to the detriment of the
hospitalization scheme or company’s interest. MEA will be informed
of such decisions, should such occasions arise. In case of such an
eventuality, the number of hospital(s) delisted will be replaced by
equal number of suitable hospital(s), in consultation with MEA.

16.9. List of diseases excluded from RHS-B:

ist of exclusions will be as per Page No 60 and 61 of MoS
5.10.2010, subject to the following shane 4 ie

ent for any Liver cirrhosis/ailment: éaused due to habitual
consumption & substance abuse will not be covered under
vised Hospitalization Scheme-Ban. All other type of Liver
nts will be covered under RHS-B”. (Please refer Annexure§8).

16.10. This Scheme shall supersede all the previously existing
Hospitalization schemes, including the RHS as introduced in MoS
dated 25.10.2010. However, the benefits carried forward and
modified as explained above shall apply.

te It is agreed by the Company to arrange an appropriate medical
checkup for permanent workmen who have crossed the age of 40
years as on 1" January of every alternate year starting from the year
2015. It is further agreed by MEA to play an active role in motivating
all the permanent workmen to undergo this Medical checkup.

Oe —4 niorey be

=== PAGE 31 ===

18.

19.

a)

d)

“ hy’ “ae nr) ree y
Depending, pon Customer order position / business Aautaniset:
~_3 POSS of further confirmation of NETWs will be reviewed along

4 A, in the month of April every year, starting from the year
2017.

Death Relief Fund: It is agreed to pay 60 (sixty) months defined
payable salary / wages to the nominee / legal heir of a workman (not
covered under the ESI Scheme) in case of death while in service
due to any accident whether occurred inside or outside the factory
premises, instead of the existing practice of paying 100 (one
hundred) months’ defined salary / wages as compensation. In the
event of natural death of a workman while in service, it is agreed to
pay 50 (fifty) months’ defined payable salary/wages to the nominee
/legal heir of the workman. Consequently, the existing practice of

‘payment of a Death Relief amount of Rs. 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two

Lakhs Fifty Thousand only) per death shall stand abolished. The
above changes shall come into effect from the date of signing of the
Settlement.

Confirmation of New Entrant Temporary Workmen (NETW): It is
mutually agreed to confirm 100 (one hundred only) NETWs in BanP
or at BidP, based on seniority (means date of entry into NETW or
Employee Number if more than one NETW has entered into NETW
grade on the same day) on the rolls of the company and subject to
the conditions stipulated below:

Confirmation will be in the “Modified G02” wage category called
“NGO2” with a revised Cost to Company (CTC) Structure~of

Rs.43,000/- (Rupees Forty Three Thousand only) Pala 33.°
in the enclosure, marked as Annexure 10. °°

ed effective 01.01.2015 and the remaining 50 (fifty)
confirmed effective 01.01.2016.

The above confirmations are subject to attendance, performance
and conduct of the NETWs having been found satisfactory.

The NGO2 category workmen shall not be eligible for Service
Award, Leave Travel Allowance, Attendance Bonus and Special
Attendance Bonus.

i ha As , Feil oe

=== PAGE 32 ===

f) The NGO2 category workmen will remain in that grade for a period
of 05 years before they become eligible for promotion to G03 wage
category, subject to fulfilling the TBP eligibility criteria. Further to
promotion to G03 wage category, their future promotions will be as
per the Revised Time Bound Promotion policy, as agreed in this
settlement, subject to the TBP eligibility criteria.

g) The incentive merger amount named as “Additional Basic Pay”
(ABP) applicable to NGO2 category workmen, calculated based on
the incentive rate applicable to them and as agreed, will be as
explained in the wage structure given in Annexure 10 above and
the same ABP shall remain constant. The incentive table applicable
for NGO2 workmen working in direct SVT areas is enclosed as an
illustration, and marked as Annexure 11.

h) CPI impact will be paid on ABP and the same will be linked to HWI.

i) CPI neutralization and payment of Variable Dearness: Allowance

m6) inflation (Rs.153/-per month) and
c) increasing the ceiling limits for major ailments (Rs.40/- per
month).

Further, in addition an amount of Rs. 325/- per month will be
deducted from the salary/wages payable as contribution to

Contingency Fund for reimbursing hospitalization expenses.

20. Loans: It is agreed that the existing loans will be recycled without
any increase in the individual loan amount limits.

nina ALD

32

=== PAGE 33 ===

21 Service Awards: It is agreed between the parties that with effect
from the date of signing of the settlement, the service award for 10
years amounting to Rs.3000/-(Rupees Three Thousand only) will be
revised to Rs.4000/- (Rupees Four Thousand only) and 15 years
service award of Rs.5000/-(Rupees Five Thousand only) will be
revised to Rs.6000/- (Rupees Six Thousand only). All other service
awards remain unchanged. Income Tax as applicable shall be borne
by the workmen. Service Awards will not be applicable to the
workmen who may be confirmed in NGO2 wage category, during
their service period.

22. Uniform Stitching Charges: It is agreed between the parties that
from the year 2014, all permanent workmen who are on the rolls of
the company will be paid a sum of Rs.600/-(Rupees Six Hundred
only) as Uniform Stitching Charges, as against the existing uniform
stitching charges of Rs. 400/- (Rupees Four Hundred only).

23: Pending Issue:
Merging of existing Setters into direct incentive scheme and the
proposal to assign them direct jobs will be kept as an open point to
ussed and settled after signing of the settlement.

the Honorable Industrial Tribunal, Bangalore i in ‘the
Ke “matter of re Reference made by the Government of Karnataka vide
We li Order’ bearing NO LD 565 IDM 2014 dated 10.10.2014 and
‘vpending before the Honorable Industrial Tribunal, Bangalore in ID
No 279 / 2014, to file a Joint Memo requesting the Honorable
Industrial Tribunal to pass an Award in terms of the Settlement that
will be signed between the parties and dispose off the Reference as

fully settled out of Court.

24.2. ‘It is further agreed by MEA to withdraw the two Writ Petitions
bearing No 47702 / 2014 and bearing No 49148/2014 filed by MEA
before the Honorable High Court of Karnataka as not pressed and
accordingly pray and obtain dismissal of the said two Writ “O.

=== PAGE 34 ===

24.3. Payment of arrears arising out of this settlement shall be subject to
MEA fulfilling the three conditions stipulated in clauses 24.1, 24.2
and 24.3 above.

PART Ill - OTHER CONDITIONS AND PAYMENT OF ARREARS

It is agreed between the parties that this Settlement is in full and final
settlement of all the demands raised by MEA in their Charter of Demands
dated 05.12.2012 and their other demands raised vide their Notice of Strike
dated 06.09.2014. All demands raised, other than what are specifically
covered herein, shall be treated as discussed and dropped fully in all
respects. It is further agreed that the entire Memorandum of Settlement is ‘a
package deal’ and further it is agreed that the same is ‘fair, proper,
appropriate and reasonable’ to both the parties. It is further agreed that MEA
and/or the workmen shall not raise any demands on the Company on any of
the subjects covered in this settlement or treated as discussed and dropped
and also shall not raise any new demand(s) involving any financial liability on
the Company directly or indirectly during the duration of this settlement.

It_is agreed by and between both the Parties that this settlement shall be

settlement shall be disbursed, only after the above conditions are fulfilled by
MEA and the workmen.

All arrears payable and monetary benefits that would be extended shall be
subject to deduction of income tax as applicable, at source.

It is further agreed that a sum of Rs.1250/- (Rupees one thousand two
hundred fifty only) shall be deducted from the arrears payable to each
workman, towards MEA subscription, and the total amount so deducted from
all the workmen put-together shall be paid to the MICO Employees’
Association, Bangalore, through an account payee cheque.

=== PAGE 35 ===

TPA >]CR-!>6) 14-1

Register of Settlements
O. No.2: ..Date ealy Hf

Signed at Bangalore on this, the 8" day of December, 2014.

REPRESENTING EMPLOYER REPRESENTING WORKMEN
For Basen fe » Bangalore For MICO EMPLOYERS J OCIATION
1. Mr. A GOPIKUMAR 1. Mr.S PRASANNA ne
Vice President President
(Commercial Plant Management -BanP)
Zi C) & | ' Koghey +h. KE, ‘2, > /20/
“Mr. DEUSTER JENS 2. Mr. R. RAGHAVENDRA RAO 7
Vice President First Vice-President
x@)) Plant Management-BanP)
\v Kea R112) 2014
3. Mr. G) LM HE 3: Mr, DHANANJAYA
Senior Géneral Manager Second Vice-President

General Secretary

py )
5. Mr. R PUSHPARAJ
Organizing me yy \X

6. Mr. aur Vtorm LKARNI.

Assistant Secretary. -

7. Mr. S KUGAN

Treasurer
Hse 7 ,
1. a a

(Human Resources) ~  _ a
MMG
ie | orn g g(r }1y.
‘ : 4. Mr. AMARJEET K BHATIA
.Ssachtses)

avr \ly

1. H.S.RAMESH
Hone Ded | Manager (HR)

Sofeds LD sheila 2. les 2Al. ks Ponter state

eputy Manager (HR)

\ ‘
S. Nawath whe Purr
SIGNED BEFORE ME, <7. Bf 12 [rey |
Additional Labour Commissioner (IR) & State Conciliation Officer
Government of Karnataka, Bangalore
Additional Labour Commissioner
(industrial Relations), Bangaiore.

a5